Add bookmarklet key shortcuts (#632)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/web/toolbox/methods-and-test-tools/keyboard-shortcuts.md

---
title: "Check the presence keyboard shortcuts"
abstract: "Check the presence keyboard shortcuts"
---

# Check the presence keyboard shortcuts

Historically, the bookmarklet used to check keyboard shortcuts (<a href="http://3needs.org/en/testing/code/kb-shortcuts.html">character keys shortcut bookmarklet</a>) does not allow for the verification of all printable characters, particularly accented characters and non-Latin characters.

> The bookmarklet proposed below covers more printable characters; here is the range of verified UTF8 codes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bookmarklet proposed below covers more printable characters; here is the range of verified UTF-8 codes:
```
